Numeracy problem has to be addressed.  7 countries above the minimum m
How well do you know your country
geography to be blamed
statistics very important
National Statistician 44%
Number can be inspire and surprice us
Statistics The science of us

Q1) List the two most (important / interesting / informative)  insights from this talk?
first 
Alan Smith brilliantly brings to light the need for teaching and spreading awareness about Numerical awareness. It's extremely crucial we realize that majority of people are still not literate enough to do simple mathematical computations. Alan talks about how important Numeracy awareness is to the development of this century. All the major world leading countries happen to be suffereing most from numeracy problem with USA and England leading from top.

Second
"Number can inspire and surprice us." In a brilliant experiment conducted by Alan, The importance of statistics is shown. Statistics is not bent by people's opinion or bias. Statistics can give us accurate answers and close predictions. "Statistics is the Science of Us". 

As a manager in India, I would first look for people with Numeral prowess. It's extremely important in the field of mangerial applications to understand and implement statistics. I, being a manager, would already have a great undertanding of mathematical computations and how important it is to show expected targets I can achieve, the comapany's current profile and it's profile ten years down the line, etc

-------------------------

first 
Data scientists want to build things, not just give advice. One describes being a consultant as “the dead zone.” The article has special emphasis on the rise of Data Scientist and the advent of Big data analytics. The author, Thomas Davenport and D. J. Patil, quotes, "The shortage of data scientists is becoming a serious constraint in some sectors.". From the discovery of languages like R and Hadoop made specfically for Data Analysis, the Data Science side has shown a drastic rise. With all the data coming, somebody has to manage the data. It has to be somebody with managerial and technical skill

second
Scientists are usually the one that end up doing experiements and recording data. Data Scientists are similar scientists who just work on data and anaylse it. Driven by curiosity, these engineers have the capabilty to extract features from data onto which companies can dwell upon. They can predict the movement of data. Hal Varian, the chief economist at Google says that Data Analyst is the sexy job in the next 10 years. 

manager
As a manager in India, this article helps me understand the importance of data analysts in the country and if i don't see myself fit or lack the skills, I must hire a Data Analyst as soon as possible to bring balance. Since, Data Scientists have the freedom to explore and experiment, I shall do the same or not interfere with a Data Scientist's work. The article quotes, "The most important ties for them to forge are with executives in charge of products and services rather than with people overseeing business functions." and I shall do the same for maximum productivity. 
